I know Jake I used to like the mic smoke
hey what's up guys is DJ a general again
and today I'm here to do a review on the
Pioneer DDJ SB take a look down here now
this is the unit right here tanya is
offering this unit for about - $49.99
and its competitive in price compared to
the Numark Mixtrack Pro - and the fact
that Pioneer is now offering such a low
price entry level media player tells us
that it has to compete with a lot more
other media players in the market
nowadays because at one point pannier
was the the cream of the crop when he
came to see DJ's but now other companies
like Newmark Denon or making very good
machine solid machines like the Mixtrack
Pro - which this unit is fairly similar
to only thing different is that these
are Haku Auto loop and manual loop
sampler buttons are usually on the top
of the Mixtrack pros and the Browse
button the Browse knob also be down here
and the mikta Mixtrack Pro - does not
offer the filter fade button which I
kind of like the filter fade button is
cool that basically when you switching
cross faders sides of the cross faders
it automatically drops the basin and
raises the levels of the other track so
basically it's just it's like one of
these type things when you mixing the
music you drop the bass and you probably
raise the base of this one that's what
the filter fade button does in a
nutshell it also has it tweaks it with a
little bit of that filter sound also so
essentially you need three or four four
hands to do what the filter fade button
does we got the load buttons over here
so you can manually you browse through
your
cerrado library and loaded track without
touching your computer
we got a FX button up here we got our
level knobs right here for the effects
button all right we got our key lock
button right here and you got a vinyl
and slip button right here
now these jog wheels are so smooth these
jobs bills are comparable to the CDJs
that pioneer makes also they're very
high quality all that or you'll find out
a lot of pioneer machines have that same
smooth feet so it feels like that
resistance is just it's just uncle
parable I have yet to find find another
company that has that feel that pioneer
has and it has the same functions as a
CDJ from the top you can stock the
record
sensitive to touch very sensitive and
from the side you can speed up or slow
down let me take a look right here we
got RC wires in the back maybe got our
USB going to our computer back here on
the side right here we have a mini jack
port for your earphone a lot of time as
DJ's lose our adapter for our headphones
which we use in this bad boy right here
but now you don't got to worry about the
adapter you can just stick it in from
the mini jack port right here we got the
microphone socket right here quarter
inch only no XLR and then we got our mic
levels right here so you know it's an
age old meaty thing like if you're
switching with another DJ or if you're
doing anything else that requires
plugging out the media player your
microphone won't work so that's
something to think about with this unit
also unless you have your microphone
going to another source or directly to
the house source or whatever
now it's a pretty solid unit uh even
though it's competitive competitively
priced at 250 this isn't just a piece of
junk like other DJ equipment that's an
goalie and cheaply price you know being
a DJ you go you you go through a lot of
equipment and it's hard to find that
type of equipment where you can hold on
for a good five years and really enjoy
and just trust it being at his Pioneer a
lot of Bryant brand loyal DJ's will
gravitate to it but for me everybody has
to do its job and from what I've seen
with it so far I've used it about three
gigs so far only had it for a week and
it really feels like a solid unit
another thing I want to point out is
that in the middle of the jogwheel
there's they on the other CDJs they
don't usually like to indicate at what
point the record was so if you found
like if you got like a cue point and
light with Nick eight right here you can
always know where the first base the
drop is and base point is in a song that
you want to scratch or you want to cue
or up or whatever
have you ever met a girl that you tried
to date but a year to make love she
wanted you to wait hi guys thank you for
watching today don't forget to follow me
at DJ a general on Instagram and Twitter
and don't forget to log on to DJ a
general calm for latest industry news
and music peace